Of course we first of all need to understand how an eye on a gap connects to a back end so to a server
running in the web where we want to store data.
Now you could think that we use a database sequel or no sequel doesn't matter and we simply connect
our eye on a gap to that to store data there.
But this is not what we do because directly accessing the database would be a really insecure.
For example we would have to store the credentials for accessing the database in our iconic app code.
And since this in the end is all javascript people could get access to it and therefore we definitely
don't want to directly connect to a database.
Instead we connect to an API ex post on a server.
This could be a REST API could be a graphical API.
Could be web sockets.
It is an API that accepts h to be requests that then handle stemmed and run some code which is defined
on the server which we don't care about.
If we haven't written that code at least and which we can communicate with.
So what is server in the end or the logic written there interacts with the database that all the runs
on the server that also runs in the cloud.
So to say and we just interact with that API to send requests and receive responses these requests and
responses will be exchanged and a Jason format.
So we're not sending HD him alla round or anything like that.
Instead we'll send Jason data because that is easy to read in code and easy to work with especially
when building an app with JavaScript as we're doing it here.
Now that server does API could of course be written by you it could be your own custom back backend
or use a managed service like firebase or a W as mobile hub or anything like that.
In this course will use Firebase and whilst firebase sounds like it is just a database firebase is really
a managed service that gives you an API to communicate with.
That gives you a database with to which this API will then communicate and way more and we'll use a
couple of these features so that we don't have to worry about writing back in code in this course because
this isn't really the focus of the course we want to focus on the front end.
We want to focus on ionic.